What Mujia Boxing?
This... this is just unbearable.
Sister sister sister
Xiaolin, didn't you say you would never force me again?
What are you doing?
Kobayashi, I just want to help you get revenge.
Make those people pay
Don't you understand?
If you and Dad had compromised earlier
My mom won't die
Now everyone is dead
What are you doing all this for?
So that's what you thought.
elder sister
There's no end in fighting them
Give up the so-called martial arts inheritance
Love for no reason
As long as you believe
That's right.
No need for money
If you are willing to let someone
Join us in Dongying
It is not impossible not to march with you
With my cooperation
If there are sky-breaking benefits
I haven't received the money yet.
As long as you believe
That's right
Now I know my ambitions
Wait for you to go
Unbearable
I won.